nope what's going on guys my name is
Jared and today I am very excited to
bring my voice over here to be karnish
client channel once again today we got a
bit of a throwback game played for you
guys some classic carnage swifty on
black ops 2 he dropped 229 kills just
for you guys and not only that but he
only died twice tamale is getting a ton
of kills he's also staying alive in the
process so drop a like just for that
lets go for 750 if we can that be
absolutely amazing but of course if we
can't that's fine too also make sure you
guys subscribe to carnage glance since
we are the home of multi cod pub
stomping and if you want to take that
one step further than be sure to follow
us on all of our social media so you can
find our twitter or instagram and our
Facebook pages down below in the
description so as I said off the start
we have some classic swifty you guys
know he's beyond good at the game he's
also incredibly close to eleven thousand
subscribers so be sure to go over to his
channel and show him some carnage love
if we could get him to 11 k I know he'd
appreciate that and I would as well so
head on over there to his channel drop a
subscription watch all his videos just
have a good time with it and of course
if you like today's commentary that my
link is gonna be directly below swifties
in the description so if you want to
come over to my channel I would love
that as well personally I think it's
great the carnage is such a diverse team
I saw some comments on my last
commentary about not enjoying black ops
3 gameplay so since our players are good
at just about anything we're able to
switch it up give you guys videos on
other games and not just black ops 3
personally I'm with some of you guys I
miss black ops 2 and MW 3 those are by
far my two favorite cuts honestly mw3
for me was just really fun to play I
really enjoyed the infected game mode
that was fun for going for Moab's or
just playing with friends also
domination though you had several
different game modes in mw3 that were
fun to play but one big factor about
modern warfare 3 is that I actually
enjoyed watching it Moab's are actually
some of my favorite game plays to watch
I remember back in the old community
when mw3 was in its prime I used to
watch people like yums crackers matty
ice and a fun dad they were jumping
quads pentas on terminal bootleg I used
to just love running in a full party in
that game but another big factor for me
enjoying mw3 is that not a lot of things
in that game actually made me rage like
they do in other cons mw3 did have some
things that were stupid bouncing betty
was just kind of bad but that's bad in
all Call of Duty's so it's not really
just modern warfare 3 although that was
one thing that made me rage black ops 2
was another call of duty that I liked
and it didn't really make me rage a lot
but along with mw3 it was really really
fun to play but one thing that stands
out about bl2 is that it was fun to play
solo or with your friends personally I
used to just snipe for days it didn't
matter if I was playing domination or
team deathmatch or whatever that was one
of the only games
I can play by myself and still have fun
sniping I just really loved going for
clips that was so much fun no matter
what I was doing but along with sniping
nuclear's were pretty fun to go for as
well obviously being in the pub stomping
community I'm leaning more towards
actually trying in the game versus just
kind of recreational play but when it
came to being recreational I used to
love playing in private match actually
now that I think about it every time I
play black ops 2 I find myself having a
1v1 or something in a private match with
one or two friends I really like playing
gun game against just one friend that
made for some really interesting private
matches in 1v 1's but i also like
playing some of the party games like
just kind of made up games like michael
myers and trickshotting games actually
trickshotting i just kind of like
trickshotting as a whole in black ops 2
but one thing about that game that made
it last so long is just it wasn't
getting on peoples nerves people just
liked it and I think that kind of worked
against advanced warfare on why advanced
warfare got old so fast there really
wasn't any variety you know you had the
same guns and gameplays it was all with
the Balor the ASM one just really
overpowered over use weapons and it was
kind of the same kinds of gameplays I
mean sure you've had one shot dnase you
had pistol dnase somewhat unique game
plays but if you think about it it was
really all just triples and quads and
then on top of that you had supply drops
and that just made for a pretty bad game
on YouTube it wasn't necessarily
entertaining to watch where his mw3 and
bo to just kind of have this wow factor
for me another thing about advanced
warfare is while there was no variety it
was kind of too easy people were getting
gameplays left and right so many people
that I know even personally we're
dropping triple dnas quad dnas and it
just seemed like it was too easy to get
there wasn't a whole lot of challenge
obviously you had God accounts and stuff
reverse boosted accounts so that just
made for an easy game I think people got
bored with it too fast so seeing as aw
got old I'm kind of wondering if black
ops 3 is gonna get old obviously just
being the beta stage there are some
things that are gonna change I brought
this up in my last commentary as of
right now if the beta was the actual
full game I think it would get old very
quickly my last video was kind of about
patches and what people were thinking
about the beta so far but I think more
problems are just showing themselves in
the beta you have the black hat there's
still Opie weapons that people feel need
to be patched honestly with the black
hat I can see where people are coming
from I've seen people on Twitter that
are like oh I got 11 hater kill streaks
in one game and they all got taken out
by a black hat but personally I don't
see why they're complaining I mean at
least they're haters get shot down I
mean come on carnage has tons of haters
and we're just stuck with them obviously
I'm just kidding that was a joke please
calm yourself in the comments section
but seriously I've seen people all over
Twitter talking about how black hats are
just so overpowered and if that's the
case I have to side with them on this
one because I don't exactly know what
the hater killstreak does I don't know
what it is but if someone is working
hard to actually earn that kill streak
only to have it taken down by the enemy
team in just a matter of seconds the no
I don't really think that's fair at all
I don't think that's a good thing to
implement into the game but overall I
guess that's just up to david vonderhaar
and the rest of the treyarch team to
decide all we can really do about it is
just voice our opinions tell them that
we don't like it and we can wait to see
what happens and along with that I think
it's fairly easy just like aw people are
already dropping tons of gameplays even
with variety it's not necessarily with
the same gun every time but I think when
you're in the beta stage and you're
already dropping triple nuclear's double
nuclear's unique pistol nuclear's just
all different unique game plays I think
that's when you know it's a bit too easy
maybe it's time to make the game harder
I don't know maybe that's just my two
cents compared to yours but I just
wanted to give my thoughts on how things
will play out from here on out maybe you
agreed with me maybe you didn't and
that's fine don't worry but hopefully I
brought up some interesting points it
gave you something to think about so I'm
gonna go ahead and wrap it up here if
you're still here let me know by
commenting throwback for the gameplay
you can use it creatively you can use it
in a sentence upon whatever you please
just remember to go support swifty on
his own channel subscribe to carnage if
you're new remember 750 is the number to
hit so let's make that happen and until
next time guys I'm out here see you guys
later